Update intro-connected-registry.md (#26)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-management-docs: articles/container-registry/intro-connected-registry.md

## Available regions

> A connected registry can be deployed in any region where ACR is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A connected registry can be deployed in any region where Azure Container Registry is available.
```
